do you regret anything in your life about
having posted the crimeo meme yesterday and
well I grabbed the meme I posted it it's [ __ ] up it was
n't funny let's see I already knew that I was
going to receive some kind of reaction I
'm not stupid either and much less that they
would call me a bad friend it just made me
laugh I grabbed it I copied it and posted it he was
talking about the controversy with
Cry the other day he says that he regrets
having posted that tweet that he thought
Cry was going to take it with humor and that yes it
's true that a lot of people could have
taken it as a little envious not what
I said that in the end you see that in those
moments and people are going to say that you're being
envious even if it's a
joke and it's a joke Aside from that he
was also commenting that Cry is not a friend
but rather a colleague who is an acquaintance
that his friend is actually Pipe pum who
is a friend that they have in common eh he did
n't say lies eh Don't go attacking in
the mother noan up to there I mean because I
also know Cry and I know that  Cry has
the same sense of humor as Pipe and Pipe is my
friend Cry is not my friend right Cry
shitty comback Eh the same as those
four something like that he said or rather like you
with Juan and those four no something like that he said and
well he was talking to Cay in
private and Cry told him